alright check it out today we're going
to add a new DVI USB display adapter
from arcview now in the event that you
don't know what a USB display adapter
does basically what that's to do is turn
your USB port into an extra monitor port
so basically you plug in the USB cable
is your computer you plug the other end
to the back of this and then over here
you're going to be able to plug in a
monitor whether it be DVI if that's what
you're using a more current monitor or
give an older monitor you can also use
this little adapter to use vga a 15 pin
d-sub VGA will also fit and it's not it
because you also can use this little
nifty DVI to hdmi adapter in case you're
sending out this video to a 720p TV now
it's important to know that this does
1600 x 1200 lines of resolution that's
the highest res you can use so we're
gonna be using this hdmi adapter gonna
be sending it out in 720p not 1080p
because it wont to 1920 x 1080 but it
will do every other resolution that's
below 1600 x 1200 and there's one
exception where it goes higher one of
the most popular resolutions 1680 x 1050
will also work on this unit so keep that
in mind it will do a full 32 bits of
color at 1680 x 1050 everything else has
got to be 16 x 12 or smaller for it to
work but that's basically a very very
large percentage of mostly monitors on
the market so if you're a day trader
let's say this is this is the best the
best thing that ever happened to day
traders here's why day traders use
graphs they have all these graphs and
they need molten waters to need to see
each different graph at the same time
and needs to be live so they usually set
up they'll buy like six or seven
monitors and hook them all up this
device is actually expandable you don't
actually only have to have one you know
your computer lets you have two monitors
this will you have it up to an
additional six so you'll have two over
here coming out of the back of your
computer and then you have an additional
six of these little boxes so you just
buy six of these you stack them up you
plug in six monitors you have an
additional six monitors each one has its
own workspace you can put a different
graph in each one you can extend if you
have a really really big Excel
spreadsheet you can extend them across
all the monitors it's really up to you
anything that you would do by plugging
in additional
to the back of the computers and to do
the same thing you can extend you can
mirror it you can make it so one face is
the other way so the person you're
talking to can see what you're doing
it's really really up to you you have
all these abilities you can also flip
using the software you can flip it 90
degrees up you can you know make it
horizontal vertical you can do whatever
you want so a lot of really good on
activity also important to note on this
device is that it does work on all the
latest operating system so whether it's
Mac os10 either 10.2 or up it's going to
work it's gonna work on linux regardless
of which distribution music as long as
something fairly common like ubuntu or
red hat or whatever it will work on all
those all the farrelly comedy tributions
are going to work with no problems it
definitely works in a boutique I tested
it it's also going to work on Windows 7
it's going to work on vista it's going
to work on XP and it's even going to
work on Windows 2000 so across the
entire windows operation some why it's
gonna work it does come with everything
you can see here as well as a USB 2.0
cable so you don't need to you need to
have that in the box really really good
stuff so if definitely we need an extra
monitor you don't want to have any
expansion slots up in your computer you
don't spend extra money on a video car
you all something it's affordable you
know under 100 bucks this is going to
get you that extra monitor hooked up and
more importantly it's stackable you can
expand it to up to six extra monitor so
you can have a total of eight if your
computer sports too and that's going to
give you a lot of a big advantage of
your a day trader so send me some of
that money this way if you have any
questions on it feel free to email me at
this email address and i'll see you guys
next time for more information on this
external video adapter go to calm dot
puter TV and type in arcview USB to DVI
for computertv i'm albert